Documentation for group -b-, Landsat pull for lake POIs (#26)
AquaSat/AquaMatch_lakeSR: bookdown/01-Introduction.Rmd

Reviewer: suggestion: Rename to `01-Background`

Author: absolutely agree. thank you!

bibliography: references.bib
---

# Background

> Currently, AquaSat v2 remote sensing products include the historical Landsat
> Collection 2 record from 1984 until late 2024, comprised of data from the
> following missions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, AquaSat v2 remote sensing products contain data from the historical Landsat
Collection 2 record from 1984 until late 2024, including the
following missions:
```
